<!-- markdownlint-disable-file first-line-h1 -->
Implementing FoodRem was not a straightforward task. Given below is a summary of the effort our team has put into to develop FoodRem as well as some challenges faced.

### Morphing of AB3 to FoodRem

As we wanted to morph AB3 to fit into our idea of FoodRem, we had to refactor a large portion of the initial codebase and implement several new classes to get the basic minimum viable product of FoodRem. This included creating the `Item` class and its associated inner field classes. For the`Tag` class, we also created a separate class for it so that we are able to have more flexibility in creating more commands that can make use of the `Tag` class. This is so that we can implement tag commands that can bring even more value to our users than the initial AB3 implementation does not support (e.g. deleting a tag for all items, finding all items with a certain tag) We also had to update how the application will store items and tags separately. In addition, many previous commands of AB3 had to be refactored or changed, and we added several new commands to FoodRem as well. Eventually, we were able to successfully  implement both the Item and Tag classes and all their associated commands.

One challenge we ran into during the project was implementing a batch feature for our items. We wanted to be able to create the same items in different batches (i.e. same name but different [[ bought-date:bought date ]] and [[ expiry-date:expiry date ]]). However, this would require another major refactoring of the classes we have, as well as the commands that we have implemented thus far in the project. Given the tight timeline of the team project, we eventually decided to drop this feature since we would not be able to deliver the full functionality (along with updating every other command we have implemented thus far) in time. If given more time, this would be a feature that we have implemented, as it is a relevant feature that will be used in the real world and brings value to our target users.

### Revamping of UI

We wanted a simple yet appealing [[ graphical-user-interface:graphical user interface ]] for our application's users. As such, we decided to change the original UI of AB3 into our own new FoodRem UI. As our team was not familiar with JavaFX initially, it took us considerable time and effort to produce an eventual satisfactory and working UI that we were proud to adopt and incorporate into our application.
