---
layout: page
title: Chin Hong Ming's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: Mass Linkers

Mass Linkers is a powerful Desktop application tool that provides a centralised platform for Computer Science (CS) students to find study support from batchmates with common modules. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

#### New Enhancements: find:
* What it does:
  * Users can now find batchmates by their Telegram handles, GitHub usernames, emails or phone numbers.
  * Users can find the aforementioned items with partially matching text input, saving the trouble to type them out fully.
* Justification:
  * It provides greater convenience to the users as they are not limited to finding based on names.
  * Being able to find Telegram handles, GitHub usernames, emails and phone numbers with partially matching text input is reasonable as these items are unique to individuals. If one feels that the partial text input is too common and may list too many batchmates, simply type a few more letters! It is still better than typing the entire item! :)
* Highlights:
  * Implemented `containsPartialWordIgnoreCase` method in `StringUtil` to allow the finding of items with partially matching text.
  * Included test cases for `containsPartialWordIgnoreCase` in `StringUtilTest`.

#### New Enhancements: duplicate add and edit prevention:
* What it does:
  * Now, users may add/edit to names that already exists in the Mass Linkers!
  * However, users are no longer allowed to add/edit to Telegram handles, GitHub usernames, emails and phone numbers that already exist in the Mass Linkers.
* Justification:
  * Allowing identical names to coexist fits into the reality that people can share the same name.
  * Telegram handles, GitHub usernames, emails and phone numbers should be unique, hence no two persons can share the common items.
* Highlights:
  * Updated `isSameStudent` in `Student` class.
  * Added methods from high-level classes to low-level classes to ensure that `edit` will follow the duplicate prevention rules defined.
  * Added numerous test cases for these methods in these classes.

#### New Feature: Mod Find
* What it does: 
  * Finds and lists batchmates who have taken or are taking certain module(s).
* Justification:
  * It allows users to effortlessly know the batchmates who have taken or are taking certain module(s).
  * The number of module(s) that the users would want to know may vary from time to time and person to person, this feature allows the flexibility of entering one or multiple modules.
* Highlights:
  * Implemented `ModFindCommand` to handle finding of batchmates who have taken or are taking certain module(s)
  * Modified `ModCommandParser` to parse `mod find` command arguments.
  * Built test cases in `ModFindCommandTest` for `ModFindCommand`.
  * Included `mod find` parser tests in `ModCommandParserTest`.
  * Implemented `ModContainsKeywordsPredicate` to support module finding.

#### New Feature: Mod Find Taken
* What it does:
  * Finds and lists batchmates who have taken certain module(s).
* Justification:
  * It allows users to effortlessly know the batchmates who have taken certain module(s).
  * The number of module(s) that the users would want to know may vary from time to time and person to person, this feature allows the flexibility of entering one or multiple modules.
* Highlights:
  * Modified `ModCommandParser` to parse `mod find taken` command arguments.
  * Included `mod find taken` parser tests in `ModCommandParserTest`.
  * Implemented `ModTakenContainsKeywordsPredicate` to support this feature.


#### New Feature: Mod Find Taking
* What it does:
  * Finds and lists batchmates who are taking certain module(s).
* Justification:
  * It allows users to effortlessly know the batchmates who are taking certain module(s).
  * The number of module(s) that the users would want to know may vary from time to time and person to person, this feature allows the flexibility of entering one or multiple modules.
* Highlights:
  * Modified `ModCommandParser` to parse `mod find taking` command arguments.
  * Included `mod find taking` parser tests in `ModCommandParserTest`.
  * Implemented `ModTakingContainsKeywordsPredicate` to support this feature.

#### Code contributed: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=chm252&breakdown=true)

#### Project management:
* Added issues for the team on GitHub.
* Facilitated the workflow on Git.

#### Documentation:
* User Guide:
    * Worked on `find`, `mod find`, `mod find taken` and `mod find taking` sections.
    * Proofread user guide for bugs.
* Developer Guide:
    * Responsible for `Mod find feature` category.
    * Designed sequence diagram and activity diagram for `ModFindCommand`.
    * Worked on glossary section.
    * Proofread developer guide for bugs.

#### Community:
* Reviewed other teammate’s PRs.
* Contributed in weekly team meeting.
* Reported bugs and suggestions for team `ProfNUS`, another team in the module.

#### Tools:
* PlantUML: Software to create UML diagrams
* Git workflow
