# Tey Cheng Jun's Project Portfolio Page

## Project: Travelr
Travelr allows you to plan trips around the activities in your bucket list. You will be able to keep track of your bucket list, travel dates, locations, and itineraries, all within the same app!

## Contributions

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to view the summary of travels a User has completed.
  * What it does: allows the user to view all his completed trips and statistics related to his travel completion. Brings up a new window which shows the completed trips, percentage of trips and events completed, and unique locations visited.
  * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can reflect on the percentage of their bucket list events they have actually completed. It also allows the user to celebrate his unique locations visited and number of trips completed, enhancing the satisfaction of clearing his bucket list.
  * Highlights: This enhancement forms a key component of the app's enjoyment, by allowing the user to be satisfied with his progress. It required major UI additions, including a new window to display the summary statistics and information. The implementation was semi-challenging as it required several changes to different components of the app, which included the addition of an observable SummaryVariable class which the GUI depends on.

* **New Feature**: Added ObservableTrip, allowing trips to be individually displayed in the GUI.
  * 

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=cjun1039&breakdown=true)

* Fix: 

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Refactored the AB3 Person class in Model package to Trip. (Pull request [\#30]())
  * Refactored the storage component to save Trips and Events into Travelr.json. (Pull request [\#56]())
  * Implement the Select Trip GUI, allowing the selected trip to be displayed individually in the GUI. (Pull requests [\#69](), [\#70]())
  * Added more specific Error message for index-based commands. (Pull request [\#194]())
  * Refactored the ParseException class to cater to speciic error messages. (Pull request [\#194]())
  * Removed the ability to highlight Trips and Events using the GUI, as it was causng confusion. (Pull request [\#191]())
  * Wrote additional test cases to increase coverage.

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the features `summary`
    * Added "Parts of our GUI"
    * Added explanation of our GUI including the creation of a diagram to highlight the different components in our GUI
    * Added different icons and style blocks for different sections of the User Guide
    * Added explanation for the icons used in our User Guide.

  * Developer Guide:
    * Added implementation details of the `summary` feature.
    * Added use cases for `summary` feature
    * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of component `storage`

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())

