---
layout: page
title: Darren Wah's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: HR Pro Max++

HR Pro Max++ is a desktop team management application for SME company to manage their team members and project details.
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX.
It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added `SortCommand`.
  * What it does: Allows users to order the projects by their deadline.
  * Justification: Users may not add their projects in order of their deadline and very often, they are interested in the projects that have earlier deadline as they are generally more urgent. Hence, there should be a way for users to organise their projects by order of importance, and deadline can be considered to be an indication of importance.

* **New Feature**: Added `ViewCommand`
  * What it does: Allows users to view the details of staff members who are currently working on the project of interest.
  * Justification: Every project has its own list of members and hence there should be a way for users to view the staff list of each project.

* **New Feature**: Added `EditTaskCommand`.
  * What it does: Allows users to change one or more details of a task (e.g. description, deadline) that is present in the task list.
  * Justification: The details of a particular task might change (e.g. deadline brought forward) and hence there should be a convenient and efficient way for users to record this change into the task list without having to completely remove and add the task again.
  * Credits: Took inspiration from AB3's edit command.

* **New Feature**: Integrated `Staff` object with `Project` object.
    * What it does: Each `Project` object now has a `UniqueStaffList` field which stores `Staff` objects which represents the staff members working on the project.
    * Justification: It is important for a team lead to keep track of the availability of their team members and ways to contact them because team leads need to oversee the progress of the team and very often they need to contact different members.
    * Highlights: Integrating this new model with the storage is challenging, but we ultimately decided to store the `UniqueStaffList` as an attribute of `Project`. As there are multiple staff lists, integration with the UI was also another challenge and we did so by creating a `UniqueStaffList` copy that will be displayed to users. The content in this copy will change depending on which staff list the user wants to view.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=darren12345677&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:
  * Set up codecov
  * Set up team repo on GitHub
  * Managed releases `v1.2.1` and `v1.3.1` (2 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Refactored AB3 to HR Pro Max++ to include `Project` objects instead of `Person` objects
  * Wrote additional test cases increase code coverage by 11.23% (Pull request [#73](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T09-3/tp/pull/73))
  * Code cleanup and improve overall code quality (Pull requests [#205](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T09-3/tp/pull/205), [#204](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T09-3/tp/pull/204))

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Refine the overall content and structure
  * Developer Guide
    * Created and modified the class diagram for `Project`,`Staff` and `Model`
    * Created the sequence diagram for `ViewCommand`
    * Refine overall content and structure

* **Community**:
  * Have the best knowledge about the overall code base
  * Advise team members on issues regarding implementation 
  * Reviewed and approved most of the PRs relating to functional code (Pull requests [#112](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T09-3/tp/pull/112))
  * PE dry run: Found a total of 8 bugs and suggestions [within this Repo](https://github.com/Darren12345677/ped/issues)

* **Tools**:
  * GitHub
  * JavaFX
  * Sourcetree
