---
layout: page
title: Ezra's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: Watson, The Teacher's Companion

Watson is a desktop database application that
reduces the administrative workload of teachers greatly.
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX.
It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Features**:
  * `Login Page`: Added a login page for the application.
    * What it does: allows the user to log in to the application.
    * Justification: This feature is useful in ensuring that data related to a user can only be accessed with the user's login details.
    * Note that the current feature is a placeholder due to the nature of the project (desktop application). In the future,
    with a potential move to an online-based application, this feature will be more useful.
  * `Predict Command`: Added a command that allows the user to predict the grades of students in a class.
    * What it does: allows the user to predict the grades of students in a class.
    * Justification: This feature is useful in allowing the user to quickly identify weaker students.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=e1010101&breakdown=true)
<br>
  `Pull Requests`
  * (#20): Modifications to AboutUs.md
  * (#24): Added a skeletal Personal Portfolio Page
  * (#34): Made changes to the product site
  * (#38): Made changes to the user guide
  * (#40): Fixed GitHub icon on product website resulting in a 404 error
  * (#48): Made name changes to documentation due to a change in project direction
  * (#53): Added a login page
  * (#59): Refactored various classes in the Person model
  * (#60): Massive codestyle changes to comply with checkstyle
  * (#64): Added fixes related to the Subject class and its fields
  * (#65): Added some null checks for defensive programming
  * (#68): Developer Guide changes
  * (#69): Add predictive algorithm
  * (#82): Predictive Algorithm 2
  * (#83): Add fixes for Attendance field
  * (#85): Common fixes
  * (#88): Predictive Algorithm 3
  * (#95): Massive Refactoring
  * (#96): Massive Refactoring
  * (#97): Name Changes
  * (#99): Test changes
  * (#103): Find command fixes
  * (#105): Minor field fix
  * (#108): Feature fixes
  * (#112): Minor fixes
  * (#113): Index number fix
  * (#115): Checkstyle fixes
  * (#116): User guide dev guide update
  * (#117): Update User Guide images
  * (#118): Read Me changes
  * (#185): Fix fxml
  * (#186): Storage fixes
  * (#188): Command fixes
  * (#193): More fixes
  * (#196): Attendance fix
  * (#198): Massive UG update
  * (#199): User guide v2
  * (#200): Checkstyle fixes v1.4
  * (#202): Ppp additions ezra
  * (#205): Date sanity check
  * (#212): Codecov patches

* **Project management**:
  * Group Leader
  * Managed releases `v1.0` - `v1.3` (3 releases) on GitHub
  * Managed the project's issue tracker (added relevant tags and handled issue assignment)
  * Managed the project's pull requests (merged and closed 56 pull requests)
  * Allocated the fixing of PE-D bugs amongst team members

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Added fixes to the `AddCommand`, `FindCommand` and `EditCommand` classes to ensure that the application is more robust.
  * Converted the Person model to a Student model, and added the SubjectHandler field.

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Rewrote the entire user guide from scratch (#198), (#199)
    * Added documentation for existing features (`add`, `delete`, `edit`, `find`, `list`, `clear`, `exit`, `help`) [#198], [#199],
    including examples, step-by-step instructions, and troubleshooting instructions

* **Community**:
  * Tagged all issues from the PE-D with various importance tags.
  * [PRs reviewed](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-1/tp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3A%40me+is%3Aclosed) (with non-trivial review comments)
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class: [6 bugs reported in the PE dry run](https://github.com/e1010101/ped/issues)
