---
layout: page
title: Lee I-Shiuan's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: InterNUS

InterNUS is a desktop app for managing internship applications, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, InterNUS can get your internship management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**:  Added the ability to sort internships by a given criteria.
    * What it does: Allows the user to re-order the internships in InterNUS by a sorting criteria of their choosing (company name, interview date or internship status).
    * Justification: Users may want to sort internships by upcoming interview dates to plan their interview preparation for different companies. Sorting by company names or internship statuses organizes the internship list.
    
* **New Feature**: Added the ability to use shortcuts when specifying internship statuses.
    * What it does: For the `add internship` and `edit internship` commands, the user can use `s/B` (case-insensitive) in place of `s/BOOKMARKED` to specify the status of the internship. Likewise for the other statuses, the first letter suffices.
    * Justification: Shortcuts save time for users once they get familiar with the different internship statuses.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=ish1506&breakdown=true)

* **Documentation**:
    * Project README
    * User Guide:
        * Wrote sections 1.2 and 1.3 of the Introduction.
        * Added documentation for the features `edit internship`, `sort internship` and `delete internship`.
        * Adapted existing documentation of features `edit person` and `delete person`.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details of the `sort internship` feature.
        * Wrote manual test cases.

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [#97](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/97#pullrequestreview-1139055088), [#84](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/84#pullrequestreview-1135300452), [#263](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/263#pullrequestreview-1166566884), [#87](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/87#pullrequestreview-1135449149)
    * Reported [bugs and made suggestions](https://github.com/ish1506/ped/issues) for another team in class.
