### Project: Healthcare Xpress

Healthcare Xpress is a desktop medical address book application used by medical administrators, for managing medical staff and patients. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 10000 lines of code.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature: Mark [Defunct], replaced by `unmark` and `undounmark`**
  * What it does: Marks a patient as visited.
  * Justification: A core functionality of the application is to show that patients have been visited by their assigned nurse.
  * Highlights: This command made use of existing code that supported the Edit command, making it a more specific version of the Edit functionality.
  * Pull request: [#82](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F13-4/tp/pull/82)


* **Code Contributed:** [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=low&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2022-09-16&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=mlzt2000&tabRepo=AY2223S1-CS2103-F13-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)


* **Enhancements to existing features: Filtered List [Not part of final product]**
  * What it does: Allows user to filter out patients that have not been assigned nurses, and nurses that have not been completely assigned with patients.
  * Justification: There is a need to find out which patients have not been assigned so that user does not miss out on any patients. There is then a need to find nurses that are still available to conduct home visits.
  * Pull request: [#129](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F13-4/tp/pull/129)


* **Contributions to team-based tasks**:
    * Code reviews.
    * Overall testing of code.


* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Mark Command [Defunct], replaced by `unmark` and `undounmark`.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Non-functional requirements.
        * Mark Command [Defunct], replaced by `unmark` and `undounmark`.


* **Community**:
    * Reported bugs during PE-D.
    
