---
layout: page
title: Ng Qi Ting's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: InterNUS

InterNUS is a convenient and powerful desktop app, created to help **NUS CS students manage their internship applications.**
It is optimized for use via a Command Line Interface (CLI),
and complemented with a simple yet intuitive Graphical User Interface (GUI)
designed to help you keep track of all your applications at a glance.

Below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Created the internship class along with the corresponding command to add it to InterNUS.
    * What it does: Allows the user to keep track of internship related information, namely company name, role, status, interview date and contact person.
    * Justification: This abstraction of an internship is necessary to facilitate the storing and passing of information around for all other features involving internships.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to search persons and internships by multiple prefixes.
    * What it does: Allows the user to find persons and internships by their specific fields.
    * Justification: With a potentially very long list of persons and internships, this command is crucial for users to be able to easily find the information they need.

* **New Feature**: Added selectable color themes (currently available are light theme and dark theme).
    * What it does: Allows the user to choose the color theme of the GUI.
    * Justification: Although purely cosmetic, GUI customization can improve the overall user experience as users get to personalize how they want the app to look and feel.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=nqt230&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:
    * Established project workflow near the start of the tP.
    * Gave design direction and suggestions during team meetings.
    * Reviewed and merged PRs

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
    * Refactored AB3's find command to allow finding by multiple prefixes for more versatile searching functionality.
    * Refactored some common code found across different parser classes to `ParserUtil`.
    * Modify stylesheets to have common color variables to allow color themes feature to be implemented and extendable.

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Worked on the icons and symbols table in section 2.1.
        * Added documentation for the features `add internship`, `find person`, and `find internship`.
        * Added extra information to the FAQ section on how to find an internship's contact person and vice versa.
        * Wrote the "Planned updates" section.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details of the `find person` feature.
        * Wrote user stories.
        * Wrote use cases.
        * Wrote manual test cases for the `find` command.

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [#139](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/139), [#141](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp/pull/141)
    * Tested another team's tP release and submitted issues [here](https://github.com/nqt230/ped/issues).
