---
layout: page
title: Tan Yuan Wei's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: Friendnancial

Friendnancial is a desktop contact management application used by
financial advisors to manage their clients and contacts. The user
interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX.
It is written in Java and has about 10 kLoC.


**Summary of Contributions**:

* **Code contributed**: [link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=tyw2811&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&since=2022-09-16&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other)

* **Enhancements implemented**:
  * **Creating Reminders**
    * Implemented the `remind` command to allow users to create a reminder, tagged to a person.
    * Added functionality to the `Person` class to store a new `Reminder` field.
    * Modified the UI to display information regarding the reminders.
  * **Deleting Reminders**
    * Implemented the `deleteR` command to allow users to delete reminders, given the index of the reminder.
  * **Deleting Contacts by Name**
    * Added functionality for the `delete` command to delete contacts by name.

* **Contributions to the UG**:
  * Updated `remind` command.
  * Updated `delete` command.

* **Contributions to the DG**:
  * Updated `UI` component.
  * Wrote `Delete feature` component.
  * Wrote `Non-Functional Requirements` section.

* **Contributions to team-based tasks**:
  * Delegated issues to teammates using GitHub issues.
  * Modified testing code to fit with our team's changes.
  * Submitted UG draft.
  * Removed AB3 references.

* **Review/mentoring contributes**:
  * Reviewed and merged pull requests that were ready to merge.
  * Identified possible errors in pull requests [#87](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-2/tp/pull/87), [#97](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-2/tp/pull/97), [#168](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-2/tp/pull/168).
  * Reported bugs suggested solutions.

* **Contributions beyond the project team:** 
  * Provided assistance to teammates whenever required.
