
## Software Product: `Arrow`
**Arrow** is a **desktop app** that **help software project managers keep track of their members’ tasks and deliverables**.
By associating tasks to specific team members, users can **keep track of what needs to be done and have quick access to
contact information should they wish to reach out to the member**.

**Arrow** uses a _Command Line Interface_ (CLI)at the same time possessing convenience of a _Graphical User Interface_ (GUI).
The main target audiences are software
project managers, which assumptively equipped with _Command Line Interface_ (CLI) skills.

## Summary of Contributions:
- **New feature**: Added the ability to mark tasks ([PR #73](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/73))
    - What it does: Users can enter `task mark` and the task index to mark the task as complete.
    - Justification: There are many tasks in the task panel list, and the command is to mark the complete status of task.
  Users can use this command to mark one task as complete.
    - Highlights: And once the task is marked as completed, the task will disappear from the task panel list.
      To show the full task list with and without the complete ones, users need to enter `task -a`.

- **New feature**: Added the ability to unmark tasks ([PR #91](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/91))
  - What it does: Users can enter `task unmark` and the task index to mark the task as incomplete.
  - Justification: There are many tasks in the task panel list, and the command is to mark the incomplete status of task.
    Users can use this command to mark one task as incomplete.
  - Highlights: And once the task is marked as completed, the task will disappear from the task panel list.
    To show the full task list with and without the complete ones, users need to enter `task -a`.

- **New feature**: Added the ability to clear task panel list ([PR #118](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/118))
  - What it does: Users can enter `task clear` to clear all the tasks/data of the current task panel list.
  - Justification: There are many tasks in the task panel list, and the command is to clear all the tasks existing.
    Users can use this command to clear the task panel list.

- **New feature**: Added the ability to sort deadlines of tasks ([PR #124](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/124)), ([PR #103](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/103))
  - What it does: Users can enter `task sort` to sort the tasks by deadlines.
  - Justification: As the users make each task assigned with deadlines. 
  It is certainly useful for them to have a vision of sorting by deadlines.
  It gives a straightforward impression of which task is the most urgent, and which one is the least. 
  - Highlights: There can be tasks without assigning deadlines.
  For those tasks, after entering `task sort`, they won't be shown on the task panel list, since they have no deadline.
  However, they are still in the panel list. And to show the task, users can enter `task list`.



## Summary of Contributions:
- Code contributed: [Code Panel](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=wxy1203&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2022-09-16&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=wxy1203&tabRepo=AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)
- Enhancements implemented: `task` commands i.e. `mark`, `unmark`, `clear`, `sort`.
- Contributions to the UG: `Introduction`, `Glossary`, `Quick Start`, `FAQ`, `Tutorial for CLI`.
- Contributions to the DG: `Logic`,`Model`.
- Documentation
- Contributions to team-based tasks
    - Review/mentoring contributions: <br>
  i.e. [PR #118](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/118),
   [PR #73](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T08-2/tp/pull/73)
- Contributions to the Developer Guide (Extracts): `Logic`,`Model`.
- Contributions to the User Guide (Extracts): `Introduction`, `Glossary`, `Quick Start`, `FAQ`, `Tutorial for CLI`.

