---
layout: page
title: Zhang Yuhao's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: JerylFypManager

JerylFypManager is a desktop application catered to professors to manage and track the progress for students’ final
year project (FYP), as well as serving as a platform for professors to provide feedback on their students’ progress.
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about
10 kLoC. This project is based on AddressBook - Level 3.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: <br>
`FindProjectNameCommand` - version 1.2 of Find command to allow the users to search FYP projects with keywords
(https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-1/tp/pull/82)
  * What it does: The initial version of `FindCommand` only allows professors to search project name.
    1) Different from AB3, the command can match partial words
    2) Different from AB3, the keywords are now case-insensitive
    3) Different from AB3, the keywords can contain spaces now
   <br>
  * Credits: reused AB3 code, and the command is improved by Russell and Eugene in later versions. <br><br>
* **New Feature**: <br>
  `AddDeadineCommand` - let users to add tasks with deadlines
(https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-1/tp/pull/111)
  * What it does: Allows the users to add a deadline to a student specified by the student ID, given that the
    deadline does not exist in this student's deadline list previously.
  * Justification: This feature improves the user experience since it is important for professors to set a rough timeline
  to keep track of the task assigned to students.
  * Highlights: This change/improvement involves changes of existing commands and student model.
  <br><br>
* **New Feature**: <br>
  `DeleteDeadineCommand` - let users to remove tasks with deadlines
(https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-1/tp/pull/111)
  * What it does: Allows the users to remove a deadline assigned to a student specified by ID & a priority rank,
    given that the specified deadline must exist in the student's deadline list previously.
    <br><br>

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=yh-15&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Make changes to Student model attributes to incorporate Project, Deadline/DeadlineList (https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-1/tp/pull/111)
  * Implement Deadline, DeadlineList, and related Command & Parser class
  * Rename/refactor original Add/Delete Command to AddStudentCommand/DeleteStudentCommand
  * Minor changes to GUI to show deadline list

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
      * Added documentation for the Deadline related features: #111
      * Removed and tweaked some stale documentation: #136
    * Developer Guide:
      * Added implementation details of the list & exit feature: #135

* **Tools**:
  * PlantUML for UML diagram for ListCommand & ExitCommand in DG

